and it was a big job that brought Jim
McLain to Hawaii bigger than any he'd
ever tackled before because the islands
we'd fought so hard to protect not too
long ago were in danger again
for behind the splendor of Diamond Head
the glamour of Waikiki the exciting
tempo of Pearl Harbor an insidious new
enemy was at work in waterfront dives
McLain felt the intruders hand but he
could never see his face the trail led
him into the mysteries of the Orient
down Honolulu's back streets and blind
alleys but each road suddenly came to a
dead end it led him into a dangerous
game where the stakes were high the
chips down and his number up took him
into the lives of two women who played
another kind of game one who gave her
heart completely the other who had no
heart to give I think I'm a heel well I
think aboutyou has to be said in the
dark look I told you not to mind my
business now make it so they don't have
to tell you again you're pulling my
shirt yeah when they pull your ears off
now we come to the real stumbling block
this fool is committed a murder no no
wait there may be many other ways of
phrasing it doctor but you have
committed a murder for a long long time
I thought I'd never want my heart to get
that tangled with any man again hurts
too much
I've changed my mind I have subpoenas
for everyone in this room you're pretty
tough when you're talking to some guy
that's only half your size ain't you
you just got big enough
you